How to replicate your dvn request on your local machine


A. Software requirements for replicaiton

To replicate your dvn request on your local machine, 
the following software packages must be installed at least:

0. An unarchiving software package 
   such as Info-ZIP (http://www.info-zip.org) to open a downloaded replication-zip file
1. R (ver. or later) 
2. VDCutil package for R

Note: R-VDCutil package is required for a Zelig modeling request only. Wile the relication of a Zelig modeling requires R-Zelig package, if your machine lacks such a required R-package, VDCutil package would automatically have R install Zelig and other necessary packages on your machine.  
However, sometimes the software configuraton of your machine may not be compatible with the requirements of R-packages to be used by Zelig package.  If so, such R-packages imcompatible with your R environment would not be installed on your machine,  and you may not be able to replicate a dvn request.

B. Contents of a replication-zip file

The contents of a relication-zip file are usually as follows:

1. citation file            citationFile.xxxxxx.ccccc.txt
2. tab-delmited data file   dvnSubsetFile.xxxxxx.aaaaa.tab
3. R-command file           RcommandFile.xxxxxx.ddddd.R
4. R-function file          vdc_startup.xxxxxx.bbbbb.R

where xxxxxx stands for the 6-digit ID number of a modeling request.

C. How to run the R-command sourc file on your local machine

1. Commandline window

(i) Change the current directory to the one where you opened the contents of a replication-zip files.
(ii-a) Start R at a commandline,  then run the following R command

$ R

> source("RcommandFile.xxxxxx.R")

where xxxxxx stands for the 6-digit ID number of a modeling request.

(ii-b) Run the following command at a commandline:

$ R --slave < RcommandFile.xxxxxx.R

2. R-gui tools

(i) Change your working directory to the diretory where you opened the contents of a replication-zip files [for RGui for MS Windows, from the top Menu bar, File => Chage dir ...; for R for Mac OS X Cocoa GUI, from the top Menu bar, Misc => Change Working Directory ... ]

(ii) Open the R-command file, RcommandFile.xxxxxx.R

Results from an R-command file (RcommandFile.xxxxxx.R) are stored in a sub-directory named as "Zlg_xxxxxx".

D. Support

If you need to contact us about results of a specific modeling request, besides your questions and comments, please provide us with (1) approximate date and time you submitted the request and (2) the above 6-digit request id number (first 6-digt number within a file name).

Thank your using the Daverse Network.

Dataverse Network Project
dvn_support@help.hmdc.harvard.edu
http://thedata.org/contact
